It is yet another Sunday. I woke up at the rim of my bed with my back convulated into an U. It was only yesterday that I decided to override my whims with some disciplined action, so I pushed the urge to keep laying in the warm bed away. I got up and had my feet meet the cold white marble (I can’t sleep with socks on.) 

Today was different. Today I woke up with sentences. That is to say, my thoughts run in fragments. 

Time. Clock. Blanket. Blue. Work. Screen. Laughs. Fun. Home. 

You get the drill. It is why I can’t write anymore. I had plans. Envisionments. In those dreams, I’d wake up early, grab coffee, and wear my metal-rimmed glasses while I sit in front of my laptop and work on my Nth writing draft. All those dreams remain unrealised vis-à-vis the lack of original thought. 

I open Substack and keep thinking about what I can write. Words come crawling, mindlessly, cruelly, reluctantly, at the speed of a flower blooming in fall. I can’t coerce them into sentences or even a single tangible thought. They remain increasingly cluttered on the floors of my mind. It’s made of white marble too. Stained, uneven, unable to bear the weight of this horrible inactivity. 

Let’s give it an attempt. 

It is yet another Sunday. Sundays are days of relaxation and thinking and logging off from the corporate world that so many of us will return to tomorrow. So, I sat and thought today. 

I thought about thinking. Our thoughts are inspired by those of people in our lives, past or present. To give it more structure, we are in a constant dialogue with people’s thoughts, knowingly or unknowingly, constantly responding to the world around us. I am a combination of the thoughts of my friends and family. Whatever has been passed down to me, filtered by my own developed sense of morality and ethics. And so are you! 

My mind went on to thinking about originality. Are my thoughts original? Are these ‘new’ thoughts? Or merely revisions of those that exist. Therein lies the dilemma of the day. All of this might strikingly echo Mark Twain’s chain of thought, deepening my dilemma. This isn’t original either. It’s already been posited & theorized. 

I am forced to let this post end abruptly, by the weight of my thoughts, or rather the lack of them. Everything that had to be conveyed has been conveyed, and in the end, I’m grateful I wrote this today :) 

Welcome to the wreck of thoughts that is my brain!